Johnny Blaze no one has ever attempted
such a distance 300 feet from field go
to field goal what's going through your
mind right now you look really good I
got lucky let don't cover JP got an
angel looking after you
forget it a family
forget about forget about
you will be the writer for as long as
you not doing it you have no choice
story goes that you'll be normal during
the day but at night in the presence of
evil the writer takes over
you deserve a second chance
blackguards coming to create hell on
earth and you have the power he needs
if anybody can use against aprox and you
can't help me you have to right now I'm
not going anywhere
any man who sell the soul for love of
the power to change its malya I'm going
to take this curse then use it against
you help attract shoppers I'll clean
system this cases the skull and it was
on fire on fire like looking for someone
[Music]
you're right yeah I'm good
she liked my skulls on fire but I'm good